feat: v8 (#599)
octokit/request.js: README.md

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.method</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      String
    </td>
    <td>
      Any supported <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/#http-verbs">http verb</a>, case insensitive. <em>Defaults to <code>Get</code></em>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.mediaType.format</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      String
    </td>
    <td>
      Media type param, such as `raw`, `html`, or `full`. See <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/media/">Media Types</a>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.mediaType.previews</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      Array of strings
    </td>
    <td>

>       Name of previews, such as `mercy`, `symmetra`, or `scarlet-witch`. See <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/previews/">API Previews</a>.

Reviewer: The docs should point that this option is for the GraphQL API only, and doesn't have an effect on REST routes

Reviewer 2: I've updated the doc here to reflect that! Thanks.

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.method</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      String
    </td>
    <td>
      Any supported <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/#http-verbs">http verb</a>, case insensitive. <em>Defaults to <code>Get</code></em>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.mediaType.format</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      String
    </td>
    <td>
      Media type param, such as `raw`, `html`, or `full`. See <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/media/">Media Types</a>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.mediaType.previews</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      Array of strings
    </td>
    <td>

>       Name of previews, such as `mercy`, `symmetra`, or `scarlet-witch`. See <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/previews/">API Previews</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Name of previews, such as `mercy`, `symmetra`, or `scarlet-witch`. See <a href="https://docs.github.com/graphql/overview/schema-previews">GraphQL Schema Previews</a>.
```

      Name of previews, such as `mercy`, `symmetra`, or `scarlet-witch`. See <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/previews/">API Previews</a>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.method</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      String
    </td>
    <td>
      Any supported <a href="https://developer.github.com/v3/#http-verbs">http verb</a>, case insensitive. <em>Defaults to <code>Get</code></em>.
    </td>

>   </tr>

Reviewer 3: wait why was method removed?

Author: It was not intentional/part of the final changeset, just inflight drafting...
